# CS340 - Client/Server Development 23EW2

   In order to write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable, I focus on several areas when developing the code. Firstly, in structuring and organizing the code, I try to group similar functionalities together, break down the code into a series of methods or functions, and use a standard naming convention that is in line with industry standard best practices. Also in keeping with best practices, I comment the code during development to ensure its function, use and purpose are clear to anyone who my be looking to modify or maintain the code later on. I try to encapsulate the code where possible to enhance reusability. One example of this in this project is the CRUD module. The Crud module has been designed and encapsulated in such a way that it could be easily adapted or modified to be used with any other database dashboard. 
   As a Computer Scientist I approached the problem at hand by first identifying the requirements for a solution. From there I just worked incrementally through the problem to meet the given requirements one step at a time while continuing to learn more about the subject and implement the newly gained knowledge. While working through the development of the dashboard I focused on ensuring that the code I was developing followed industry standard best practices and would be a readable, maintainable, reusable code that could be shared open-source. 
   Computer Scientist play a crucial role in developing computationally based solutions for a wide variety of needs. Computer technology expands the potential of nearly everything it is incorporated into. A person with a ledger can track inventory, a computer can do it better and faster, and at a much larger scale with ease. A blood pressure cuff in the hands of a trained person can measure a persons momentary blood pressure, but attach that cuff to a sensor and computer, and the pressure can be tracked continuously, alerting help if something is wrong. None of that would be possible without computer scientists. The work done here has a similar impact for a company like Grazioso Salvare. By creating a simple, easy-to-use dashboard interface, we give them the ability to quickly identify needed animals globally in order to respond to emergency need more quickly. All-in-all, a simple dashboard to monitor a database improves the efficiency of the company significantly. 
